# YOUTUBE-TRANSCRIPT-SUMMARIZER
This project helps to convert large videos into small relevant summary.
In the present age, a huge measure of recordings is delivered each day, which contains sound, visual, and text-based information. This consistent increment is because of the simplicity of keep administration in compact gadgets, like cell phones, tablets, or cameras. The significant test is to grasp the visual semantics and convert it into a consolidated organization, for example, inscription or outline to save extra room, empowers clients to file, explore, and assist with acquiring data significantly quicker. We propose an inventive joint start to finish arrangement Abstractive Summarization of Video Sequences, which utilizes the profound brain organization to produce the regular language portrayal and abstractive text synopsis of an info video. This gives a text-based video portrayal and abstractive rundown, empowering clients to separate among pertinent and unimportant data as per their requirements. Moreover, our analyses demonstrate the way that the joint model can achieve improved results than the benchmark techniques in independent assignments with educational, brief, and intelligible multi-line
video portrayal and synopsis in a human assessment.
Enormous number of video recordings are being created and shared on the Internet through out the day. It has become really difficult to spend time in watching such videos which may have a longer duration than expected and sometimes our efforts may become futile if we couldn't find relevant information out of it. Summarizing transcripts of such videos automatically allows us to quickly look out for the important patterns in the video and helps us to save time and efforts to go through the whole content of the video.

This project will give us an opportunity to have hands on experience with state of the art NLP technique for abstractive text summarization and implement an interesting idea suitable for intermediates and a refreshing hobby project for professionals.
